partner integration docs v0 (#6262)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/integrations/partners/testing-your-integration.md

sidebar_position: 3
title: 'Testing your ClickHouse integration'
description: 'Entry-level validation matrix for partner integrations on ClickHouse Cloud and self-hosted OSS.'
keywords: ['partner', 'testing', 'validation', 'example datasets', 'ClickHouse Cloud', 'OSS']
doc_type: 'guide'
---

# Testing your ClickHouse integration

Validate your integration against both ClickHouse deployment modes and datasets that exercise ClickHouse's type system at meaningful scale before you submit it for review. This page defines what "tested" means at the entry level. Formal validation is a separate process for partners progressing to higher partnership tiers.

See [Building integrations](/integrations/partners/building-integrations) for ingestion and consumption paths, and [Documenting your integration](/integrations/partners/documenting-your-integration) for how to publish your results.

## Test matrix {#test-matrix}

Cover both deployment modes. Most customers run one or the other, and behavior differs in places (auth, networking, available features).

- **ClickHouse Cloud:** sign up for a [free trial](https://clickhouse.com/cloud). No credit card is required for the development tier

> - **Self-hosted (OSS):** use the latest stable release from [GitHub releases](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/releases). The [install guide](/install) is the fastest path to a local instance with Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Self-hosted (Open Source):** use the latest stable release from [GitHub releases](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/releases). The [install guide](/install) is the fastest path to a local instance with Docker
```
